Visit San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury and hear stories along the way, including the history of its glory days, from the Summer of Love to the Diggers' days                            
Explore Haight Street and the surrounding area, including the homes of Janis Joplin, the Grateful Dead, Charles Manson and more                            
Enjoy the music -- your knowledgeable guide comes equipped with a mini guitar to provide you with accompanying hippie songs along your wonder-filled walk
Make 7-9 stops along the way, exploring the funky shops, local hangouts and other neighborhood favorites
Hear about the history of the 1960s and 70s, and the influential community organizations that helped give the neighborhood its free flowing vibes                            
Note Great for solo travelers and families. This tour has some talk of drugs and human sexuality, which may be considered inappropriate for young children. Toddlers (0-4) join free.                            
Go on a guided tour through two radical San Francisco neighborhoods with an entertaining historian at your side                            
Visit the coolest spots where locals hang out, eat, drink and live
See Harvey Milk Plaza, the GLBT Museum, Castro Theatre, and Harvey's old apartment and campaign headquarters in the Castro                            
Hear about the Mission's vibrant Latino culture, the area's most inspiring activists, and some of the city's most well-known street art and murals -- not to mention, the city's oldest structure, the O                            
Note Exact meeting location revealed upon purchase. Great for solo travelers and families. Toddlers (0-4) join free.                            
Go into the infamous Tenderloin District's streets to hear about the unexplained mysteries that happened there by night, including                            
The St. Francis Hotel and nefarious Hollywood deaths                            
Pinecrest Diner and the "poached eggs"murder                            
Curran Theater, the haunted playhouse                            
The "suicide alley"of 1911                            
Tenderloin District and the underbelly of SF crime                            
Glide Memorial Church, connected to cult leader Jim Jones                            
Site of Tessie Wall's notorious brothel                            
Ends at a local bar
Note Exact meeting location revealed upon purchase. Great for solo travelers and couples. Not recommended for young children.                            
